about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About me
permalink: /about/
---
##About me

  ![self-potrait](/images/me.jpg)
  I am a web designer and developer from Shanghai. At Oct 26th 2010, I resolved to start my career as a web designer and developer after my strong desire for creation.

  After one year, I learned to deliver websites with a focus on minimal design and clear information structure.

  I led the UI design and frontend development at a start-up([site](http://ele.me/at/entry/1),[webapp](http://ele.me/napos.php)) before December, 2011.

  I also collected [inspiration](http://quote.yangchenyun.com) to keep myself motivated and love working with [TEDxFSS](http://tedxfivestarsquare.com).

  My toolkit consists of `javaScript`/`coffeescript`, `HTML5` and `CSS3`. I also use `Ruby` for scripting tasks. For the backend side, I have worked projects based on `Rails`, `Django` and `Symfony`.

  Currently, I am organizing my knowledge on the front-end side while digging more deeper into the details. I am also learning basic sysadmin, data abstraction and `Rails` to accomplish my personal projects. Because --

  >Creating useful things with elegance is what drives me so far.

  By the way, my name is Steven yang graduated from the Zhejiang University with a degree of Economics.

##About the Site

  The site come to existence most for my selfish need.

  I want a place to organize the knowledge I acquired day in day out. The process to write a public article forces me to pay attention to details and think problems in structure.

  I am learning `Ruby` and the full web stack, so I need a project to drive me through the whole process - how the data on one server is rendered in your browser.

  I will write about two topics in the future:

  * The methods I used for learning([this one](http://http://ge.tt/3XTYjJg)) and keep myself productive.

  * Knowledge about frontend development and usage of `javaScript`

  This site is created with [Jekyll](http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) and hosted on [github](http://github.com).

Commit message:

move unpublishable articles down and edited the about.me page

about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About me
permalink: /about/
---
##About me

  ![self-potrait](/images/me.jpg)
  I am a web designer and developer from Shanghai. At Oct 26th 2010, I resolved to start my career as a web designer and developer after my strong desire for creation.

  After one year, I learned to deliver websites with a focus on minimal design and clear information structure.

  I led the UI design and frontend development at a start-up([site](http://ele.me/at/entry/1),[webapp](http://ele.me/napos.php)) before December, 2011.

  I also collect [inspiration](http://quote.yangchenyun.com) to keep myself motivated and love volunteer working at [TEDxFSS](http://tedxfivestarsquare.com).

  My toolkit consists of `javaScript`/`coffeescript`, `HTML5` and `CSS3`. I also use `Ruby` for scripting. For the backend side, I have worked projects based on `Rails`, `Django` and `Symfony`. I am also fascinated about Unix after switching my workspace from the cumbersome Windows system.

  Currently, I am organizing my knowledge on the front-end side while digging more deeper into the details. Besides, I am also learning basic sysadmin, data abstraction and `Rails` to accomplish my personal projects. Because...

  >Creating useful things with elegance is what drives me so far.

  By the way, my name is Steven yang graduated from the Zhejiang University with a degree of Economics.

##About the Site

  The site come to existence most for my selfish need.

  I want a place to organize the knowledge I acquired day in day out. The process to write a public article forces me to pay attention to details and think problems in structure.

  I am learning `Ruby` and the full web stack, so I need a project to drive me through the whole process - how the data on one server is rendered in your browser.

  I will write about two topics in the future:

  * The methods I used for learning([this one](http://http://ge.tt/3XTYjJg)) and keep myself productive.

  * Knowledge about frontend development and usage of `javaScript`

  This site is created with [Jekyll](http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) and hosted on [github](http://github.com).
