---
layout: post
title: "Plans for 2012"
date: 2012-02-16 22:51
comments: true
categories:
---
My annual plan of 2012 finally comes to exist after I made decision of moving to Beijing and joining in [ScentLibrary][link_to_demetercn]{:target="_blank"}.

## The Purpose of 2012
Along the [changes][link_to_changes]{:target="_blank"} I made in 2011, I will expand my skills to the full-web development stack from LAN setup, web services configuration, backend development and agile development with Rails. Besides, I will start learning the basics of design skills - drawing while dust off my photograph skills. I would also explore new areas such as branding, scents in life, innovation and story-telling. On the physical part, I would recover my backbone aches through exercise routines which will also prepare myself for the snow mountain climbing to Mt.Haba and cycling to southern Asia.

The detailed plan could be downloaded [here][link_to_2012_plan]{:target="_blank"}.

## Outcome of 2012
The main goals of accomplishment includes:

### Internal Development
* More patience about my work.
* Take record of 3000 hours.
* Increase productive hours (pomodoros) to 5.5 hours per day.

### Computer Science
* HTML5/CSS3 powered branding website for ScentLibrary.
* A e-commerce web app based on agile development using Rails.
* Setup web services on Linux (DNS/HTTP/SFTP/VPN etc.)
* 2 cutting-edge experiments with HTML5/CSS3/JS.
* Rank yearly top 10% at [stackoverflow.com][link_to_stackoverflow]{:target="_blank"}
* Contribute to one open-source project.
* Write 20 tutorials about web development.

### Design
* Finish one drawing curriculum.
* Conduct two graphic design projects.
* Make one short video about natural scenes.

### Misc
* Exercise 285 hours.
* Run 10km in 50', swim 50m in 60'' and 500m in 15'.
* Make four public presentations.
* Climbed one snow mountain.

The spreadsheets I used to do annual plannings could be download [here][link_to_pms_sheet].

[link_to_2012_plan]:
[link_to_demetercn]: http://demetercn.com/shop/index.html "ScentLibrary"
[link_to_changes]: /2011/12/annual-review/ "2011 Annual Reviews"
[link_to_stackoverflow]: http://http://stackoverflow.com/ "StackOverflow"
[link_to_pms_sheet]: http://ge.tt/9Rf7BoB?c "personal management toolkit"
